right hello you two eight one up
unboxing yes this is not lootcrate know
this is a alternative company or a
better company or whatever you want to
say called 1up box and I just wanted to
see what you know what more there what
their boxes were like um so I've got
myself one here so let's go jump
straight in i actually have only untaped
it here and i have not looked in sir oh
okay we have a lot of exciting things
already inside as I can well I can't
show you but will pop it to the left
straight away it's very tightly packed
in there is full to the brim of stuff
right here we are and grab the magical
camera angle tilt it back and we have
ourselves a marvel Captain America pop
vinyl now pop vinyls are always always
very very nice things that get your
hands on me feel very nice in the hand
as well and but yeah look look at him
look at limit of this little shielded
everything all that is so cool I've
known for previous and people told me
not to actually open up pop vinyls I'm
so much gonna leave in this box but
that's very very nice I like that I like
that a lot what else have we got in here
okay we have ourselves if we're going to
get some focus on this it's very very
dark mind we have ourselves a oh no I am
having the right around it it's just
very dark this like iron on Mario Kirby
think it's a little bit weird it says on
the side here oh oh it says hero 1up box
ah is this I this is what the mumps
month's theme is here oh okay all right
I should have actually picked up on that
poor guess what that was right next we
have for ourselves we have ourselves a
air freshener I Marvel Comics air
freshener and it is spider-man I'm just
gonna crack this open even though this
isn't Olga like don't you have to do
that is very oh that is what it's that
hang from service keep off all services
I don't know how to explain the smell
but it's just your typical car
fresheners smell it smells a white
actually it wasn't as bad as that one we
got from with the zelda link thing that
was that was very very very smelly we
have our little piece of paper here
telling us this is the hero box and on
the back
oh all the bits that are in it and I've
just completely gone and spoiled it for
myself right we have a t-shirt and let's
unravel this and now this is a medium I
wasn't sure of what size to go for
hopefully this is the correct size
though I me unravel it right now oh
there we go it's a loca it's um it's
like a little Mario it is Mario is it
now and he's how it's Batman Mario look
at him flying through the skies all that
is awesome over the city of I presume
Gotham it's got an old 1up box logo in
the corner but yeah I like that a lot
I'd say the quality of is actually this
feels very very very gonna focus on me
touching the cotton come on cotton the
cotton feels lovely focus on my hand
there we go this feels very very nice to
actually physically touch and hold on so
I like it quite a long and as a very
nice quality t-shirt though can we go
back into our focus but yes we can right
here's a picture of me wearing it now /
damn there we go look at me I look
beautiful whoa barragan right we have
ourselves a hero here we go super key
cover so you pop your key in it and it
protects your key from just you know
getting damaged or hurting your things
when you try to turn it it's a it's a
1-up boxx exclusive I don't actually
have any keys near me right now but if I
did I could pop them into this little
key holder I probably will put it in
here just because it looks quite nice
and it will just keep your keys nice
nice and protected and moving on to the
final two things in the box here we have
ourselves this now this I've been very
excited for this is a zelda triforce
little piece of kit and look at the lads
look at it it's all it's all it's all
reflecting and and stuff there we go
I'll literally just shining away in the
gold making all nice and shimmery shot
summary summary that's a new word there
they just how it's beautiful I like it a
lot I like it he just shines away i'm
not a big fan of necklaces going to be
honest but this is quite a nice this is
quite a nice piece of care she knows
someone who'd appreciate this just
wearing an Alec Alec
bleeh hip still I am I do like it a lot
I like it I like it and it has a little
little little very nicely done nice
little fell Whitwell velvet velvet felt
/ velvet it becomes velvet little
knapsack cool and we have ourselves a
badge all the badges have returned know
where to put my badges but there we go
on the less come on focus on the hands
focus on the hands focus on the hands
focus on the hands I mom come on there
we go it says well that box and this is
April 2015 here and it's got the Batman
thing going the sky right and then we
can look on the back of here now and it
tells us that yes that was a Funko
Captain America everyone seemed to got
the same one this time one of two super
he recovers we got the Batman one which
is good cuz i do prefer Backman over Sri
Ram to the superhero iron on patch put
it on your backpack or any way you want
you just sign it arm and it will stay
you can also use safety pins silent
place instead and for one of three
legendary hero necklaces ok so there's a
gold and rather graphite looking one
their silver Knight by the looks like
we've got the silver one and that's got
a want boxx exclusive mushroom signal
t-shirt when the superhero sees the
mushroom signal in the sky he knows
there's a crisis waiting for him to
handle and five the Superman air
freshener right thank you very much for
watching me on this one up box unboxing
and tell you what you think what do you
think of it compared to the other
competitor box out there and if you'd I
think I'm going to stick with 1up box
for a little while just to see how I
enjoy and stuff and yeah right thanks
for watching and I should see you next
time as always there's a little code in
the description as well and a little
link you can click on to go and get your
own 1up box if you say wish right thanks
for watching bye